README.md, before:

# Graph Structuring Toolbox

This project is intended to provide tools that help to extract further structure 
from graphs, especially Neo4J data sets, in order to support cardinality estimation  

## 1. Pre-Processing
Currently only data set specific loaders and an interface  
Shall be able to sample and filter data to induce certain conditions
(e.g. only cluster instances with a certain category as property)  


## 2. Clustering
Currently only multi-line properties of nodes.  
Shall at some point discover sub-labels/"types" for Nodes, later maybe also for
edges, incoming and outgoing sets and sub-graphs

Algorithms to implement:  
- Linkage-based clustering (single and complete linkage) (for nodes/edges)
- Adapted version of chameleon clustering (for sub-graphs)

## 3. Sub-Graph Mining
future work, maybe FP-Tree and Apriori-Based. See literature/GraphMining  
Maybe DIMSpan?

## 4. Visualization
Shall provide a wrapper to call algorithm specific visualizations 
(e.g. Dendrogram, ...)

## 5. Cardinality estimation
Leo

TODO: Metrics (e.g. InfoGain, Fisher Info/Score, Shilouette coef., lift, ...)  

_Falls möglich und mir langweilig: compression und type hierarchy extraction über datensätze hinweg aber jetzt programmier ich lieber sonst hab ich mit 40 noch nicht mal meinen Bachelor_

Commit message:

updated readme to include next step: neo4j integration and a scalable hierarchical clustering implementation

README.md, after:

# Graph Structuring Toolbox

This project is intended to provide tools that help to extract further structure 
from graphs, especially Neo4J data sets, in order to support cardinality estimation  

## 1. Pre-Processing
Currently only data set specific loaders and an interface  
Shall be able to sample and filter data to induce certain conditions
(e.g. only cluster instances with a certain category as property)  

Integrate with: Neo4J
[NeoProfiler](git@github.com:moxious/neoprofiler.git)

## 2. Clustering
Currently only multi-line properties of nodes.  
Shall at some point discover sub-labels/"types" for Nodes, later maybe also for
edges, incoming and outgoing sets and sub-graphs

Algorithms to implement:  
- Linkage-based clustering (single and complete linkage) (for nodes)  => Finished, bad performance!
- HDBSCAN: state of the art, performance comparable to K-Means, hierarchical, supports soft clustering (200000 2d points in < 60s reference implementation: [SkLearn](https://github.com/scikit-learn-contrib/hdbscan))
- Adapted version of chameleon clustering (for sub-graphs) (maybe considered later, if HDBSCAN is bad)

## 3. Sub-Graph Mining
future work, maybe FP-Tree and Apriori-Based. See literature/GraphMining  
Maybe DIMSpan?

## 4. Visualization
Shall provide a wrapper to call algorithm specific visualizations 
(e.g. Dendrogram, ...)

## 5. Cardinality estimation
Leo

TODO: Metrics (e.g. InfoGain, Fisher Info/Score, Shilouette coef., lift, ...)  

_Falls möglich und mir langweilig: compression und type hierarchy extraction über datensätze hinweg aber jetzt programmier ich lieber sonst hab ich mit 40 noch nicht mal meinen Bachelor_
